will we be sing one direction at the
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show this fall
well that is the latest rumor but is it
confirmed
I'm your host Chelsea Briggs coming to
you from Hollywood and you're watching
the Hollywood hop minute so what do you
get when you combine gorgeous Victoria
Secret Angels the coolest lingerie
you'll ever lay eyes on and the hottest
boyband around um the most epic show
ever and while nothing is confirmed just
yet something tells me there's a good
possibility after all we know the boys
construct on the catwalk
and of course some of the biggest names
in music have joined the Angels on the
stage for the annual show including a
Justin Bieber Rihanna Bruno Mars jay-z
and Kanye West so it seems
oh so natural that it's Wendy's turn
this year right a source recently opened
up to the Sun on the topic saying big
wigs the Victoria's Secret and
television network CBS which broadcasts
the show have been having meetings with
the band and management it's being said
they pretty much have it in the bag
well like I said Victoria's Secret had
made a statement that nothing is
confirmed just yet so what do you think
would you like to see one direction
perform at the Vita's Fashion Show or
would you be totally jealous cuz there's
gorgeous models everywhere let's talk it
out right now in the comment section
below and why you add it subscribe to
Holly weird TV okay cool yeah ha ha ha
thumbs up like maybe this video could
lift your me Rhett Frawley we're calm
I'm Chelsea Briggs and I'll see you guys
later the time has come to announce the
fan of the week yeah I'm serious this is
my serious face
hashtag Holly we're free and Friday goes
to at angle underscore cupcake
underscore girl there's my two Z's you
put together this fun collage and it's a
picture of Holly where it says subscribe
to Holly where TV and then a picture of
Michelle tanner who is my favorite from
Full House and it says you got it dude
and that's really creative and great and
very pop-culture amazingness I hope you
have an amazing day and thanks so much
for being the most amazing fan of the
week are you guys if you want to be the
fan of the week all you have to do with
Instagram to at Holly we're a picture
describing why you're the biggest Holly
wire fan get creative with it and use
the hashtag hashtag Holly water fan
Friday you got it dude and by it I mean
awesomeness oh yeah mm-hmm